Add Runhouse to Ecosystem (#47150)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/ray-libraries.rst

            RayDP Integration

    .. grid-item-card::

        .. figure:: ../images/runhouse.png
            :class: card-figure

        .. div::

            .. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/run-house/runhouse?style=social)]
                :target: https://github.com/run-house/runhouse

>             Runhouse is an open-source package that makes it simple to launch and form Ray clusters and instantly dispatch regular Python for execution onto that remote compute. With Runhouse you can program complex and efficient ML workflows with a high degree of hardware control, while retaining the iteration and debugability of "local" Python execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Runhouse is an open-source package for launching and forming Ray clusters, and instantly dispatch regular Python for execution onto that remote compute. With Runhouse you can program complex and efficient ML workflows with a high degree of hardware control, while retaining the iteration and debuggability of "local" Python execution. 
```
